refactor: Removes the Filter Box code (#26328)
apache/superset: UPDATING.md

## Next

> - [26328](https://github.com/apache/superset/issues/26328): Removes the deprecated Filter Box code. To be able to upgrade, you need to first migrate your deprecated filter boxes using the `superset native-filters upgrade` command available in previous versions of Superset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [26328](https://github.com/apache/superset/issues/26328): Removes the deprecated filter-box visualization type code. To be able to upgrade, you need to first migrate your deprecated filter-box charts using the `superset native-filters upgrade` command available in previous versions of Superset.
```

Author: The `available in previous versions of Superset` is important because 4.0 will not contain the script to migrate filter boxes.
